One of the columns in the article table in the database is published at.
This is a date time field which can also contain null if it's normal.
The article hasn't been published yet.
Otherwise This field contains the date and time that the article was published.
However we're not taking this into account when showing the articles on the index page are when showing
individual articles only articles that have been published should be shown.
In the individual article page were using the get with categories method of the article class to get
the article rijkaard So to only get articles that have been published.
We need to add a WHERE clause to ask esky well to only select records where the published field isn't.
No.
However were also using this function in the individual article script in the admin folder.
We don't want to restrict this to only published articles.
Only the one in the root so will make the additional work class optional in this method.
First let's add a method argument.
That if true will only return a published article.
If we default this to false then we only need to change the method call.
In the article script in the root.
Then if this argument is true we need to append an additional where clause to the ask u l to only select
records whether published at column isn't NULL.
When comparing values like numbers and dates we have these various comparison operators like equal to
not equal to and so on for null values.
However we need to use the is operator.
For example is null and is not no.
So the additional where clase will look like this.
Only selecting records where the published that field is not.
No.
Then when we call this method let's specify true for the new method argument.
We don't need to change this method call in the admin script as the argument has a default value of
false.
In the database the article with an idea of two has a null published dat date.
If I click on this article in the index it's shown as not found in the abdomen area.
However we can still view it.